public class Main
{
	public static void main(String[] args) 
	{
		Animal a = new Animal();
		
		System.out.println(a.eat());
	//	a.sleep();
		

	}
}




onlinegdb.com/q__RxgBgZ
               12   


Java Interview Questions for Freshers
What is Java?
What are the features of Java?
What is JVM?
What is the difference between JDK, JRE, and JVM?
What is the difference between a class and an object?
What is object-oriented programming?
What are the four principles of OOP?
What is inheritance?
What is encapsulation?
What is polymorphism?
What is abstraction?
What are access modifiers?
What are static variables and methods?
What are the final variables and methods?
What is a constructor?
What are the different types of variables in Java?
What is an array?
What are control structures in Java?
What is exception handling?
What are the different types of exceptions in Java?
What is the difference between a HashSet and a TreeSet?
How can you implement a Stack using an Array?
What is the difference between a shallow copy and a deep copy in Java?
How do you reverse a linked list in Java?
What is the difference between a String, StringBuilder, and StringBuffer in Java?
What is a binary search tree? How can you implement one in Java?
What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface in Java?
How do you handle multiple exceptions in Java?
How do you implement a merge sort algorithm in Java?
Provide an example of Polymorphism.
What is a lambda expression in Java? Provide an example.
What is the difference between a private and a protected method in Java?
How do you implement a bubble sort algorithm in Java?
What is the difference between a while loop and a do-while loop in Java?
How do you implement a binary search algorithm in Java?
What is a thread in Java? Provide an example of how to create a thread.
What is the difference between a static and non-static variable in Java?
What is a deadlock in Java? How can you prevent it?
What is an interface in Java? Provide an example.
How do you implement a quick sort algorithm in Java?




